a month after the trip naps we met up
with Tezuka again doing some practice
laps in his Jay zx81 mark - at the
mizzen open circuit
Jessica's car is sponsored by Goodyear
so it has an endless supply of red spec
tires k offers also supply the
suspension which is actually labeled
Tezuka model we put Aryan car camera in
the back so you can see just how hard he
drives on his home track
you
the big 4 door sedan looks even bigger
on the Titan as an army track which is
located an hour west of Nagoya
after a brief warmup Tezuka gives us a
way and get straight into it
spinning is my concern as in practice
Tezuka is always pushing the limits of
the car
Oh
after linking the entire track Jessica
goes into the first point even faster
unfortunately catches the front bumper
on this fin but it pops off undamaged
and is picked up by the course official
it's a good time to give the engine a
rest
dr. J day after day take it so I can
turn it well I wondered London or flew
to Japanese zoos in of all that stopped
at a hog hmm a big t78 33d gives a
3-liter engine 560 horsepower in one RTO
slit there but seasonal like their
puzzle
well think I think on our study one
modern mega door hey no one can attain
mother nothing happy to see you know
driving while car you know karate chop
the chicken
which is
Oh
a few laps later the rear bumper comes
up to it
it's no wonder Tezuka is on a first-name
basis with the course officials
you